TODO:

    Import round scores from file
    Allow user input round scores

    If while reading from a file an erroneous score (a draw) has
    been encountered, the system should process the rest of the match scores in the file and ask the
    user to input the correct score manually.

    A player can withdraw at any point in the match (due
    to injury). In that case a win of 3 sets to 2 sets (men) or 2 sets to 1 (women) will be recorded to the
    credit of the non-withdrawing player

    If a male player wins by 3 sets to 0 then the base points awarded for that round must be multiplied
    by a factor of 2.5

    If a male player wins by 3 sets to 1 then the based points awarded for that round must be multiplied
    by a factor of 1.5    

    In the ladies tournaments, a win by 2 sets to 0 will yield a bonus factor of 2.5 by which the base
    points awarded for that round must be multiplied

    allow for wins or losses for an individual player
    to be processed. For example the system might be required to produce the number of wins by a
    score of 3 sets to 1 that have been achieved by a specific player at that point in time in the season.

    Task 1 – Design a solution (produce relevant pseudo code) to allow the processing of scores for both
    input types. At the end of each round the user interface will have to provide the user with the
    winners of that round and the options to go to the next round or exit. On choosing the next round
    the user will have to select whether they want to read results from files or to enter them manually.
    Once all rounds have been completed the winner will be declared and the user will be offered the
    choice to see the tournament’s ranking (points or prize money), the overall season ranking, proceed
    to the next tournament, or exit the program. At any point of time all processed data must be saved
    upon exit from the program.

    Task 3 - Design (pseudo code) relevant algorithms that will allow you to show the user the following.

     The number of wins for a player with a particular score – either in a specific
    tournament, or overall for the season.
     The percentage wins of a player in a specific tournament or for a whole season.
     Show the player with most wins in the season so far.
     Show the player with most loses in the season so far.

    Task - 6 A second season will be introduced – player pairings will be governed by player seedings.
    The final placements (based on ranking points earned) from the previous season will be used to
    create the first round pairs for each tournament. The first sixteen in a season cannot play each other
    in the first round of the tournament. Once in the second round of a tournament, player seedings will
    be based on the relevant positions achieved in the same tournament during the previous season. So
    those that have played in the last eight in the previous season of the same tournament cannot face
    each other in the round of the last sixteen players in the new season, those that have reached the
    semi-finals in the previous season cannot play each other in the last eight round and finally those
    that have reached the final in the previous season cannot play each other in the semi-finals.
    The points’ difficulty factor (for the tournament) will only be applied if a player has at least achieved
    the same position as per the previous season in the same tournament.
    At the end of each tournament ranking (points and prize money) will be made available to the user
    as choices to see. These will include ranking for the tournament, the current season, or combining
    those of the previous season with the current season. 